Move the keeping-updated topic to getting-started (#4826)
backstage/backstage: docs/getting-started/keeping-backstage-updated.md

---
id: keeping-backstage-updated
title: Keeping Backstage Updated
description: How to keep your Backstage App updated
---

Backstage is always improving, so it's a good idea to stay in sync with the
latest releases. Backstage is more of a library than an application or service;
similar to `create-react-app`, the `@backstage/create-app` tool gives you a
starting point that's meant to be evolved.

## Updating Backstage versions with backstage-cli

The Backstage CLI has a command to bump all `@backstage` packages you're using
to the latest versions:

> [versions:bump](https://backstage.io/docs/cli/commands#versionsbump).

Reviewer: if i'm not mistaken, it will actually bump ANYTHING, won't it?  i believe i've run it before and it's offered that I should bump my `@roadiehq/backstage-plugin-xxxxx` plugins, as well?  it's almost more dependabot-like, ignorant to WHO the author is, so wonder if this should avoid saying "bump all `@backstage`..."

Author: Hmm, the logic in [bump](https://github.com/backstage/backstage/blob/master/packages/cli/src/commands/versions/bump.ts) strictly looks for `@backstage`-prefixed packages initially, but there's some additional logic there that might try to bump related packages with dependencies on `@backstage` 🤔

Reviewer: i'll defer on that one then 😁 the intent of improving is definitely made

Author: I changed it to `@backstage packages and dependencies` at least 😄

```bash

> npx backstage-cli versions:bump

Reviewer 2: This should be either
```
npx @backstage/cli versions:bump
```

or better, Run
```
yarn backstage-cli versions:bump
```
at the root of your repository.

Reviewer 3: I vote the latter. When inside the repo you want to run the repo-local one explicitly.

```

> The reason for bumping all `@backstage` packages at once is dependency between
> Backstage packages. React Context, for example, may not be referentially equal

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The reason for bumping all `@backstage` packages at once is to maintain the dependencies that they have between each other. React Context, for example, may not be referentially equal
```

> if multiple versions of `@backstage/core` are loaded.

Reviewer 3: The sentence about React Context is true, but I think that it's usually not the cause for somebody bumping. It's rather a symptom that usually manifests itself when yarn is being silly, in general. I would vote to make an entire heading about the `versions:check` command (and its `--fix` flag) at the bottom of this very file, that mentions that problem in the context of (hah!) react contexts and other problems that can happen if you have multiple versions of central packages present.

## Following @backstage/create-app changes

> Staying up to date with new releases will keep your app up to date, but there
> can also be changes to the `@backstage/create-app` template that may be
> beneficial. For that purpose, any changes made to the template are documented

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Staying up to date with new releases will keep your overall application up to date, but there
can also be changes to the `@backstage/create-app` template. Since your `packages/app`
and `packages/backend` packages are established at `create-app` time and not automatically
touched after that, you may want to apply the corresponding changes to those packages by hand.

For that purpose, any changes made to the template are documented
```

Reviewer 3: Something like that? Explaining the cause and process more.

Author: I merged in the suggestion locally and then reworked it a bit, please take a look! ❤️
